hi everybody welcome to this week's jazz
quartet team weekly sink Allan is out so
I will be hosting today do we have a
volunteer note-taker
you
now let's make vash go do it since Jim
just did all hands all rights if you
haven't already filled outs you're done
next and blocked go ahead and do that on
the link sheet and we will go ahead and
kick things off with Volker
hi-yah I was the first one putting into
the sheet so I go first
I it was a great week because I finally
emerged the Jes I knew Jay s IPL dapi in
ruins the new version so this took I
think started in November and now it's
merged so that's great and I'll say I do
know em yeah
so other than that there is now an IPL d
selectors expect for people who
interested the short version is it's
kind of a way to get multiple blocks
from ipfs in with the selector so you
can for example get a full subgraph or
something something or something like
this but if you're interested just look
at the spec and of course open issues if
you have any anything to discuss and
then there's also discussions on the new
ID format API which is also part of the
MACD wait
awesome endeavour and there is the ideas
for new version and there's even already
an issue open for version after the next
version um and the next thing is it's
more of an announcement that we've moved
the ipfs block library to ILD and
therefore it's now called chai as IPL d
block it's not a release yet but soon
once this PR is merged and then if you
update your dependencies you would want
to switch from chase I have a spot to
take as IPL d block and then you need to
make breaking change on your library
because if you were to compare blocks
this won't work anymore because they
have an hour different symbol so just to
let you know that and other than that
I'm not blocked in for next week I do
more work on the
format stuff and also I will update the
PR for J's ipfs so that it will also use
their new chase iPad the API and then
hopefully we're done with this icon the
API upgrade that's all I have great any
questions for Volker
all right next up - go
hey guys so last week I have been mostly
outside been in Ireland discussing the
Liberty visualization tool basically
where I did three and that was the
product requirements document with rule
we also did a spreadsheet data model for
a lipid to be for joining all the data
that we are able to expose through
Liberty Peep anyone of you have interest
on debts being me and I can provide you
the link to the spreadsheet in order for
you to check or provide feedback and
then we we had this design workshop with
near forum where we kind of explained
everything from lip to B and what we
would like to have in a visualization
tool and we will be working closely with
your firm guys during the next two weeks
other than that mostly it was about lip
interrupts I finally got the PR merged
to it stream support for the demon
client and today I got another PR for
the lip interrupt to use the multi other
instead of the socket path which Jacob
shipped in the daemon last week then I
did like mostly reviews for lipid I'm
still blocked in the interrupt test for
the HD basically because I need in to
use the gaudium and to to custom the
selectors and the validators of the DHD
in order to coach and get arbitrary keys
I open it an issue in we go to go live a
demon and I'm waiting for it to get to
that March so this week I will mostly
focus in finishing other interrupt tests
the pub/sub
it's I just merged it before it is
called the Box up for the demon client
and so there is a FBR open for the
insurer of web sub it just needs to be
applied to treat the human client and
hopefully it
we'll be ready and we can merge it also
this week then stream interrupt test as
well as a finger I want to do this week
and in the context of the visualization
tool I will need to work this week in
instrumenting the swarm data in order to
collect a bunch of data of running live
instance in order to provide to the near
from guys in order to help them with UI
and then I also need to do the queuing
retro and q2 planning this way that's
everything for me any questions
it's awesome and next up is a knitting
that's oh it's me so last week I worked
on a couple of things so I'll share my
screen here so I change I made a PR on
ipfs blobstore to make it use
async/await instead of convex so that's
one and second thing
yes so yeah so there was this issue that
in the exchange for example it is
impossible to guess if there is a room
feature right so I am I made of fixed
here
so I added
added a text box and a button so you can
basically track a room now and then you
can add any files and anyone join join
the same room and get the files when
I've made a video demo in the pool
request I've integrated that in the pool
request how it works so yeah these two
things and third thing so there was a
bug in ipfs dot TNS it was not handling
some domain it so I fixed that oh yeah
that's it and in the next week I'll be
working on a few more repos but to make
use of async a bit and remove power back
support and yeah
great looks awesome anybody happen
Trinity
alrighty next up Zayn not attending
click he is continuing to work on the
datastore FS ipfs repo and datastore
core sounds like he should be able to
get to those PR comments this week and
then next up Adam
hey there everybody I'm just sort of new
here but I just wanted to stop by and I
have say hi I am working on ipfs
immigration tool for Jas and I've been
looking at the last past week and will
be continuing on that next week -
fantastic squid to have you
does anybody have any questions about
that looking forward to having an IP FS
repo migration tool for Jas and then I
skipped myself so I will guess I will go
so discovered last week doing some
testing to add protocols to peer info
that switch the Jia slippy to be switch
wasn't actually running identify when
it's dialing only when it's listening so
that is going to be corrected and that
will come out with the Lupita p35
release which I'm hoping to get out
either tomorrow or Wednesday to get Alan
unblocked for the GSI PFS release yeah
added a release the dial q4j slippy to
be switch to prevent kind of swarm
hurting at the beginning on startup or
when discovering the same peer of
multiple times so that should improve
identify will also now provide the
protocols supported and it added to the
peer info instance so in the peer book
now as we go through and we identify
when we connect appears but I run
identify protocol on them we'll get a
list of all the protocols they support
like bit swap CAD everything like that
not will be stored on the peer info
objects will be able to actually do some
checks prior to actually just dialing
blindly to see if people um support
something yeah then worked on q1
retrospective stuff this week I'll be
working on keeps you planning the lip
PTO 35 release and then I need to finish
up
getting the protocol Interop testing
going we verified that Jas is good to go
but we need to verify that the
identification stuff is working properly
between go and Jas so I'll be working on
that this week any questions for me
okay we have a few other people on the
call um anybody want to say hi or want
to give an update that hasn't already
yes
hey you so I'm I'm Yousef I'm just here
hanging out for the moment cuz I didn't
really like work on the pita peas
documentation story for a little bit now
and I'm still on that like as my you
know primary mission but part of that is
getting up to date on Larry but he's
working on it so I'm just gonna hang out
for a bit in the future maybe I'll write
JavaScript with you guys I don't know
but I feel like I'm trying to stay like
heads down and like I don't know eat my
vegetables before I get all into the
sweet sugar rush of coatings we're glad
to have you
hopefully we can get you writing some
JavaScript in the near future but super
appreciative of all the work that you've
been doing on the doc stuff alright
Michael or Portia do either of you want
to see how your given update we're just
hanging out in the background on last
Jim you haven't hang just been working
on pure pad and hoping to get the
version that's out there released this
week and maybe I'll do some more GSI p5
stuff in the coming weeks
great for Allen I don't know what he's
working on in total but I know that he's
going to try to get the Jace ipfs
release out later this week I think
there the GUI is having their off-site
this week for the first part of the week
so hopefully I can get him unblocked
with Libby to be and then he can get
that out the door later this week if
nobody has anything else I think we can
finish up early no all right we will see
everybody next week